updating CI readme (#18443)
Lightning-AI/lightning: .github/workflows/README.md

| -------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------- |
| .github/workflows/ci-tests-pytorch.yml | Run all tests except for accelerator-specific, standalone and slow tests.                                                                                                   | CPU           |
| .azure-pipelines/ipu-tests.yml         | Run only IPU-specific tests.                                                                                                                                                | IPU           |
| .azure-pipelines/gpu-tests-pytorch.yml | Run all CPU and GPU-specific tests, standalone, and examples. Each standalone test needs to be run in separate processes to avoid unwanted interactions between test cases. | GPU           |
| .azure-pipelines/gpu-benchmarks.yml    | Run speed/memory benchmarks for parity with pure PyTorch.                                                                                                                   | GPU           |

> | .github/workflows/tpu-tests.yml        | Run only TPU-specific tests. Requires that the PR title contains '\[TPU\]'                                                                                                  | TPU           |

Reviewer: The TPU row is missing now

| .azure-pipelines/gpu-tests-fabric.yml  | Run only GPU-specific tests, standalone\*, and examples.                                  | GPU         |
| .azure-pipelines/gpu-tests-pytorch.yml | Run only GPU-specific tests, standalone\*, and examples.                                  | GPU         |
| .azure-pipelines/gpu-benchmarks.yml    | Run speed/memory benchmarks for parity with vanila PyTorch.                               | GPU         |
| .github/workflows/ci-examples-app.yml  | Run integration tests with App examples.                                                  | CPU         |
| .github/workflows/ci-flagship-apps.yml | Run end-2-end tests with full applications, including deployment to the production cloud. | CPU         |

> | .github/workflows/ci-tests-pytorch.yml | Run all tests except for accelerator-specific, standalone and slow tests.                 | CPU         |

Author: ```suggestion
| .github/workflows/ci-tests-pytorch.yml | Run all tests except for accelerator-specific, standalone and slow tests.                 | CPU         |
| .github/workflows/tpu-tests.yml | Run only TPU-specific tests. Requires that the PR title contains '\[TPU\]' | TPU |
```

## Documentation

| workflow file                                                                               | action                                                                   |
| ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| .github/workflows/docs-build.yml                                                            | Run doctest, linkcheck and full HTML build.                              |
| .github/workflows/ci-rtfd.yml                                                               | Append link to the PR describtion with temporaty ReadTheDocs build docs. |

> | .github/workflows/ci-check-md-links.yml <br> .github/workflows%2Fmarkdown.links.config.json | Validate links in markdown files.                                        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| .github/workflows/ci-check-md-links.yml <br> .github/workflows/markdown.links.config.json | Validate links in markdown files.                                        |
```

| --------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| .codecov.yml                      | Measure test coverage with [codecov.io](https://app.codecov.io/gh/Lightning-AI/lightning) |
| .github/workflows/code-checks.yml | Check Python typing with [MyPy](https://mypy.readthedocs.io/en/stable/).                  |
| .github/workflows/ci-schema.yml   | Validate the syntax of workflow files.                                                    |

## Others

| workflow file                        | action                                                                                          |
| ------------------------------------ | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| .github/workflows/docker-build.yml   | Build docker images used for testing in CI. If run on nightly schedule, push to the Docker Hub. |
| .github/workflows/ci-pkg-install.yml | Test if pytorch-lightning is successfully installed using pip.                                  |

> | .github/workflows/ci-checkpoints.yml | Test building checkpint whci is later (when release) used for back-compatibility check.         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| .github/workflows/ci-checkpoints.yml | Build checkpoints that are will be tested on release to ensure backwards-compatibility         |
```
